Downloaded from
YTS.MX
-[ding]
-Hello.
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
[Summer singing]
♪ I see your shadow ♪
♪ On the street now ♪
♪ I hear you push
Through the rusty gate ♪
♪ Click of your heels
On the concrete ♪
♪ Looking for a knock
Coming way too late ♪
♪ It seems an age
Since I've seen you ♪
♪ Count down as the weeks
Trickle into days ♪
[chuckles]
♪ So you come in
And put your bags down ♪
♪ I know there's
Something in the air ♪
♪ But I cannot do this
To you right now ♪
[Summer and Maxie singing]
♪ You're over there ♪
♪ When I need you here ♪
[all singing]
♪ My happiness ♪
♪ Slowly creeping back ♪
♪ Now you're at home ♪
♪ If it ever stops sinking in ♪
♪ Must be when you
Pack up and go ♪
[Summer] Maxie.
couldn't you have at least
pinched a dinghy with a motor?
[Maxie] You did good.
If this doesn't work.
we'll have to paddle all the way
back and hitchhike.
It's going to work. Trust me.
[faint music booming
in distance]
[faint cheering]
Hear that?
[faint music in distance]
Cheers. cunts.
-[Summer and Maxie]
-Cunty!
♪ Wait. that's her.
Stop that girl ♪
[walkie-talkie crackles]
[man on radio]
Just spotted three teenagers
ditching a boat. making
their way into the campsite.
♪ She left her lipstick
On my cheek ♪
♪ I turn around.
She vanished in a blink ♪
♪ She home to me
And I can barely sleep ♪
♪ I'm looking for. wait
That's her. stop that girl ♪
♪ Hey. there's been a robbery ♪
♪ She stole my heart
And then took off on me ♪
♪ I said. hey. there's
Been a robbery ♪
♪ She stole my heart.
She had enough of me ♪
♪ Everywhere I go.
Everywhere I go ♪
I've just had those kids
jump the back fence
on the southern campsite.
-Two male. one female.
-Let's go. let's go.
Blue top. yellow top.
female in a red top. Copy?
♪ Who you are ♪
[James] Utopia Valley.
This place is an experience
beyond the music.
It's like an adventure retreat
mixed with a music festival.
Starting in 2016. it sells over
20.000 tickets every year.
In one corner.
we have Utopia Jungle.
an epic bush doof.
Then there's U Nation
where all the main DJs play
and Neverland is
the main stage.
always has the sickest variety
of music.
The line-up this year
is absolutely mental.
I'm semi-excited.
Fuckin' go. cunt!
[applause and cheering]
♪ Feels a lot like love ♪
♪ Loves a lot like hearts ♪
♪ Feels a lot like mine ♪
Let me see you!
♪ Better together ♪
♪ Keep missing you ♪
[applause and cheering]
[James] And soon we can check
out the full Marley set.
Happy New Year. groms.
Hey. Summer.
Where is it?
I don't have it.
[Kane] Come on. give it to me.
-No. I...
-[Kane] Give it to me!
I didn't bring it. Kane!
I didn't bring it.
You fucking serious?
You little weak cunt!
[Summer] Your brother's
such a dickhead.
No. he's alright.
He's just off his face.
that's all.
[artist 1]
I've got one more song.
but first. I've got a friend
on the rise.
jumping up for a track.
Introducing Missy Marley!
[applause and cheering]
Give it up!
[rapping]
♪ Call myself a beyonce ♪
♪ All my black magic
Up in your face ♪
♪ I'm not just a flower
In the bouquet ♪
♪ I'm not your bitch.
I'm the upgrade ♪
♪ My luscious curls Dewy lips ♪
♪ Watch 'em there.
My curvy hips ♪
-[Summer] Whoo! Yeah. Marley!
-♪ We about to dip ♪
♪ Missy. Missy Marley
Turning all heads in the room ♪
♪ Sonic boom ♪
-Reckon she remembers us?
-No way.
♪ Miss Marly to you ♪
♪ I'm a bad ass bitch ♪
♪ Watch me swing my dick ♪
♪ Yeah. I'm so damn sick.
I'll make you sneeze ♪
♪ I'm a bad ass bitch.
I'm the whole package ♪
♪ 41-inch bitch.
Get on your knees ♪
Headache.
♪ Get on your knees ♪
[applause and cheering]
Thank you. Martia.
for getting me up!
-[Summer] Go. Marley!
-[applause and cheering]
Have a good night. y'all!
[pumping electro music]
♪ Want you to save me ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
[applause and cheering]
♪ To save me ♪
[Maxie] Where you goin'?
Let's go!
[Summer] No way! Shame.
-[Maxie] Go. go!
-Maxie?
[Maxie] Come on!
[music continues distantly]
No fucking way.
Summer Rose?
Look at you all grown up now.
-You're beautiful.
-Thanks.
I've grown up. too.
Yeah. you still don't have
any pubes though.
-Fuck off.
-Are you guys still in school?
Yeah. but Summer's
doing music as well.
Yeah. she does sick covers
of your stuff.
Should we grab drinks?
Oh. We'll grab 'em.
You guys chill here.
Drink?
[Marley] Nah. I'm good. thanks.
[Maxie]
How are we gonna get drinks?
Shut up. Let's go.
How's your mum doin'?
Same. And yours?
Same.
Hey. what happened to you?
You just kind of disappeared
all of a sudden.
I moved to my auntie's place
in Brissy.
That bad. huh?
Yeah.
So. what are you doing
after this?
Is there. like. a sick
VIP party for artists. or?
[Marley] Oh. I've got a 6:00am
flight tomorrow.
so probably just go have a quiet
drink on my own at the motel.
Aren't you playing
Big Pineapple next month?
Yeah. that'll be my first
proper festival slot.
[cheering]
[chuckles]
So. you guys still best friends
after all these years. huh?
[chuckles] Yeah.
Man. I miss home.
Anyway. let's stay in touch
on Insta. hey?
Yes.
[James] Should we go scab some
drinks before the countdown?
-[Maxie] Oh. let's go!
-[Summer] Fuck yeah!
[Summer] Who is on
for the countdown?
[James] Peking Duk.
[James] Seriously gonna do it?
No-one's gonna buy 'em for us.
Grow a brain. Maxie.
We're here with no wristbands
and you're going to--
Now. now. now!
Why did you have to
gee him up for it?
I didn't think
he'd actually do it.
[music in background]
[James]
Maxie. hurry up. Hurry up.
[Summer] Oh. shit! Maxie!
Stay down! Stay down!
[muffled music in background]
[approaching footsteps]
Summer. Your mum's
in no state to drive.
but she's given you the okay
to go home with James's parents.
So. let's call your parents.
Do you have to call them?
What do you reckon?
A call from you guys is not
really what they need right now.
Please.
Look. my mum isn't coping
so well
with this whole cancer thing
and. well. she'll have
a heart attack
if she gets a call
from the cops.
Please?
I'm sorry.
But I've still got to call
your parents.
Good evening.
It's Constable Davey.
Am I speaking with...
Your mum's got cancer?
I do.
No. you don't.
Yes. I do.
Do you really?
He's just saying that
so the cops
don't call his parents.
Very clever. James.
Bit harsh. but well played.
Tell her it was just a prank
to get us off.
I wish it was a prank.
How bad is it?
Sweet.
I get the test results
back in a few weeks.
It'll be fine.
What kind of... What... Where?
Brain tumour.
Why didn't you tell us?
I was going to tell you guys
tomorrow.
I just didn't want to ruin
New Year's.
[applause and cheering]
Everybody out here tonight.
grab the person next to you.
whether it's a best friend
or you just met them.
-Come on. Ten. nine--
-[bass thuds]
Are you going to die?
Maxie.
No. It's just a tumour.
They can cut it straight out.
[applause and cheering]
Happy new year!
[fireworks popping]
♪ Dream no more
And leave it all behind ♪
[music continues distantly]
How sick was today?
-Best day ever.
-So good.
Hey. so. I've got this idea
but I need you guys to help me.
What if we make a list
of all of our favourite bands
and go to as many festivals
as possible?
There's hardly any left near us.
Travel wherever to get to them.
-But you're sick.
-I'm not dead.
Would your parents even let you?
They have to.
I'm going to be doing
stupid fucking treatment
and everyone's going to feel
sorry for me.
So. I may as well do
what I want to do.
Your mum won't know you're gone.
Your brother won't give a shit.
You can be the talent.
you can be the tour manager.
and I'll be the promoter.
And by the time
we finish school.
we can put on our own festivals.
[Summer laughs]
You think I'm joking?
We know you're not.
Marley is playing
Big Pineapple next month.
That's us!
So. are you in or what?
Let's do it.
How the hell will we get
to the Sunshine Coast?
James. your mum's on her way
to pick up you and Summer.
And me?
No. we'll need to call
your parents.
Dad's in gaol. Mum's dead.
Sorry to hear that.
So. who's your legal guardian?
My brother.
Kane.
[calm music]
[buzzing]
♪ Scissors. paper. rock ♪
Yes!
[music playing on car radio]
♪ I search myself ♪
♪ I want you to find me ♪
♪ I forget myself ♪
♪ I want you to remind me ♪
♪ I don't want anybody else ♪
♪ When I think about you.
I touch myself
♪ Oh. I don't want
Anybody else ♪
♪ Oh. no. oh. no. oh. no ♪
[music stops]
[rock music starts]
♪ Everything you say ♪
♪ Is bullshit ♪
♪ And everything you do ♪
♪ Is so sick ♪
♪ Bullshit ♪
[music stops]
[Sue] You know what.
I think we just need
a little bit of peace and quiet.
And you need to rest.
my darling.
You have a huge day coming up.
[James]
I don't need to rest. Mum.
-I'm fine.
-Okay.
[James] And stop patting me
like I'm a cat.
Sorry.
Meow.
[Sue] Thank you. Maxie.
That is not helping.
[chuckles]
[Sue] Look. look. there it is.
James used to love
going up there as a kid.
Didn't you. James?
Remember?
[James] No way.
[Sue] I feel so special.
So. who's a queen
for hooking this up?
Boys?
[both] You are. Queen Summer.
Now. that wasn't
so hard. was it?
You go and have
a really good time.
Keep your phone on
and we'll meet about 6:00pm
for dinner. yeah?
Just touch base.
-Cool.
-[Sue] And no alcohol.
I am responsible for you
while we are away.
You're responsible for them
most of the time anyway.
-Sweet.
-Let's go. Marley's waiting.
♪ I make moves
I don't double tap ♪
♪ And I put in the work
And then I double back ♪
♪ Stacking up the cash. baby.
Need a rubber band ♪
♪ You need a fragile sticker
And some bubble wrap ♪
♪ Don't come at me
'Cause the girls stay with me ♪
♪ In the AK. we got girls
In Brissy ♪
♪ We'll go out.
And we will get shifty ♪
♪ Face a ten. but the mouth
Ain't pretty-like ♪
♪ No biggie.
We booked and we busy ♪
♪ No ice on my neck.
But the fit so drippy ♪
♪ You wanna leave with me.
Go ask the committee ♪
♪ And you better show me
What you working witty ♪
♪ Too wild. yeah.
The team too wild ♪
♪ Black on black.
That's that. whew chile ♪
♪ Too severe. yeah. the team
Too severe ♪
♪ And we keeping that mood
For the rest of the year ♪
♪ I said we keeping that mood.
Yeah. that mood ♪
♪ Yeah. we keeping that mood.
♪ I said we keeping that mood.
Yeah. that mood ♪
♪ And you better make room
When we step in the room ♪
[music continues in distance]
[retches]
You alright?
Yeah.
I'm sweet.
Hey. thanks for getting us in.
N'aw. my pleasure.
You can thank Summer. too.
Trust me. we have.
And thanks for giving
Summer the time of day.
She really looks up to you.
She's going to hate me
for this one.
[Summer singing]
♪ Oh. no. if you go ♪
♪ My life be so low ♪
♪ Oh. no. if you go.
My life be so low ♪
♪ Boy. I just want
You to know ♪
♪ Where you go. I follow ♪
♪ Right behind you ♪
-[Marley] Wow.
-[Summer] What's "wow"?
You're wow. Great song.
It's good. hey?
Shit.
You guys want to go
meet the bands?
-Yes!
-[Summer] Yeah!
[Marley] Alright. let's go then.
-Sure they won't mind?
-Nah. They're all sweet.
-Ah. BC. my man.
-Marley!
How are you. Danny?
Hey. BC. [overlapping speech]
Hey. legend.
Maxie.
You liking the festival so far?
-Yeah. Frothin'.
-Good set.
Yeah. I bet you guys
pump heaps of chicks. hey?
[laughs] look at us. no way!
What do you mean.
you little bugger?
[laughter]
Dude. I am thinking
of putting on
something of my own
at the end of the year.
[man 1] Oh. wow.
Something with
a few big main acts
and some local acts. you know?
Just let me know.
Yeah. man. We'll hit you up.
"Cheese" on three. Three.
[all] Cheese!
[laughter]
Look after these boys. hey.
You want to come with?
Sure.
You guys want to chill?
Yeah. for sure. You serious?
What's this? Business cards.
Yeah. I know what it is.
But what's it for?
Networking. Maxie. Networking.
You're a dead-set legend.
[indistinct conversation]
You okay?
I'm just a little nervous.
Sit down. sis.
James's mum is pretty cool
for driving you fellas up.
Yeah. she's been very supportive
of the whole festival thing.
Wish my mum did that for me.
Same.
Do you remember that night
we came home from playing
in the park
and our mums were passed out?
And the firies kicked
the door in.
And the whole place
was up in smoke.
Wasn't that a cake in the oven?
An ice cream cake
in the fucking microwave.
[laughter]
Wrapped in foil!
Like. what the fuck?
How old were we?
It was my tenth birthday.
so you would have been
about five.
Fuck.
I never understood
why people have kids
if they're not going
to look after 'em. hey?
[Marley] I don't think they
choose to be fuck-ups. though.
If I were a mum. I'd make sure
I was the best mum ever.
Me too. Easier said than done.
apparently.
Hey. how do you feel
about coming to a writers
workshop with me?
What's a writers' workshop?
Yours and Owls Festival
is putting on
an artist camp next month
and it's a few days
of song-writing.
recording. performing.
industry insights. you know?
Sounds awesome.
[Marley]
I think you'll learn a lot.
So. you keen?
-[Billy] Knock. knock.
-[Marley] Hey!
-Hey.
-This is my sister girl Summer
I was telling you about.
She said yes to coming
to the artist house with me.
[Billy] Hey. good to meet you.
-Nice to meet you.
-This is Billy. my manager.
Hey. the session tonight.
midnight till 10:00am.
We've got to get
those tracks done
and deliver them
for the label. yeah?
-[Marley] Of course.
-Alright. Catch you soon.
So. you've got a manager now?
Kinda. He said he'll sign me
if something comes of it.
This is your business card?
-Yeah.
-You're promoting?
-[James] Yeah. yeah.
-Oh. cool.
-Yeah. I just started out.
-Nice. Home printed. I like it.
Yeah. yeah.
I like it. You got to start
somewhere. man.
One. two. three. Titties!
-What's up?
-[Maxie] Maxie.
They're little frothers.
Maxie. G.
Look out. this guy's a promoter.
-Oh. really?
-Yeah. yeah.
Take it easy.
See you. guys. Peace.
-[James] See you. dudes.
-[Maxie] See ya!
What's going on?
I'm a big fan
of your music. dude.
Oh. thanks. man.
Did you track all of the drums
on the EP yourself?
Yeah. I did the drums. guitars.
vocals. synths.
Did it all in my bedroom.
[James] That's where you made
Jeromo as well. hey?
Yeah. yeah. my drum. Yeah.
-Awesome.
-You know your stuff.
Yeah.
-It was lovely to meet you.
-Yeah. no worries.
And have the best time ever.
-Awesome. See you. dudes.
-Yeah.
-See ya!
-Laters.
The hell!
Bliss N Eso. Dune Rats
and G Flip.
Oi. let's go.
[pumping music building]
♪ Don't worry 'bout me.
I'm good. my brah ♪
[crowd screams]
♪ Tell 'em I'm doing eetswa ♪
[pumping dance music]
♪ Don't worry 'bout me.
I'm good. my brah ♪
♪ Tell 'em I'm doin' eetswa ♪
[applause and cheering]
Hey.
Fancy seeing you two here.
Where'd you get that?
Merch tent.
-[James] Sick.
-[chuckles]
You not eating anything. James?
Nah. I'm sweet.
I've got plenty of food.
You should have something.
Have a carrot
or something. Here.
[phone ringing]
It's probably nothing.
He said he was going to call
just to check in.
Want a bite?
[tense music]
I'll be back.
Want me to come?
I can go to the toilet
on my own. you know.
[pumping dance music]
[applause and cheering]
[music continues in distance]
[Emcee] Make some
noise for Hooligan Hefs!
[artist 2] Big Pineapple.
thanks for having us.
[muffled music in distance]
[music building]
[rapping] ♪ Ok we got some ♪
♪ Who are you ♪
♪ We back here through
your mirror just so ♪
♪ I ain't trying
To say too much ♪
♪ I ain't even ♪
♪ All these fucking
Rappers are my children ♪
[James on voicemail]
JE entertainment.
Leave a message.
James. sweetheart.
I need you to call me back.
There he is!
[music blaring distantly] James!
[rapping continues distantly]
[Maxie] James!
♪ Now we taking over.
going global. I'm a mogul ♪
♪ Flying coastal ♪
James!
[music continues]
Make some motherfuckin' noise!
♪ Me and him are fucked up ♪
♪ One. two. yeah! Huh. huh ♪
[applause and cheering]
[music continues distantly]
♪ See that shit ♪
♪ One love. full vibes ♪
♪ All day. all night ♪
♪ Energy ready to blow ♪
♪ Catch it and get it to go ♪
♪ One love ♪
♪ You've got to give
To get it ♪
[James on voicemail] You've
reached JE entertainment.
Leave a message. [beep]
[phone vibrating]
[pensive music]
[ominous music]
[pumping music in distance]
[distant applause and cheering]
[pensive music]
[phone ringing]
[James on voicemail] You've
reached JE entertainment.
Leave a message. [beep]
♪ I am fine feeling lonely ♪
♪ I found comfort
In what's here ♪
♪ You know I don't mind
That you're out the door ♪
♪ Pick myself up
Off the fucking floor ♪
♪ Yeah. this here. baby.
This here. babe. ain't love ♪
♪ So. take me as I am.
Watch me as I go ♪
♪ I've been sailing seas
While you drift afloat ♪
♪ And now you're standing
On a sidewalk ♪
♪ Calling Georgia
To come alive ♪
♪ But she's been dead
The whole time ♪
♪ And I cried ♪
Hands up!
♪ I am not afraid
To do this alone ♪
♪ I know that it scares you
But I am my own home ♪
♪ I am not afraid
To do this alone ♪
♪ I know that it scares you
But I am my own home ♪
♪ And I've cried ♪
[tense music]
[screams]
♪ Oh ♪
Hey!
♪ I am not afraid
To do this alone ♪
♪ I know that it scares you
But I am my own home ♪
♪ And I've cried ♪
[distant cheering]
[crowd singing in distance]
♪ Everything you say
Is bullshit ♪
♪ And everything you do
Is so sick ♪
♪ Bullshit ♪
♪ I'm a little messed up ♪
♪ I'm a little fucked up ♪
♪ Bullshit ♪
-[applause and cheering]
-[artist 2] How the fuck are ya?
Oi. let that fella up.
That's our mate. James.
-Hey. Jimmy. Come up. mate.
-[artist 3] Yeah. Jimmy!
[artist 2] Come up. mate.
Fuck yeah.
Hey. Jimmy.
This is Jimmy.
He's had a really fucking
rough time lately
and we saw him backstage
and we were like...
Can you play guitar?
I can play Scott Green!
[laughter and cheering]
Oi. buddy! Guitar!
Alright. We'll see how good
you know this fucker.
When I say sunshine.
you say cunts!
-Sunshine!
-[crowd] Cunts!
When I say Hair Man.
you say pineapple!
-Hair Man!
-[crowd] Pineapple!
When I say Scott. you say Green!
Scott! [crowd] Green!
♪ At a party.
Who's Scott Green ♪
♪ Who it is
Doesn't matter to me ♪
♪ On the phone or watching TV ♪
♪ Just gimme gimme
Gimme gimme gimme ♪
♪ At a party.
Who's Scott Green ♪
♪ Cocaine or ecstasy ♪
♪ Cigarettes or LSD ♪
♪ It doesn't really matter ♪
♪ Just gimme gimme gimme ♪
♪ Has anybody here
Seen Scott Green ♪
♪ Scott Green ♪
♪ I been looking
For that fucker all week ♪
♪ He owes me twenty
And I can't call the police ♪
♪ He blew it all away ♪
♪ And now there's nothing
Left for me ♪
Yeah. James!
♪ Has anybody here
Seen Scott Green ♪
♪ Has anybody here seen ♪
Scott Green!
♪ Has anybody seen
Scott Green ♪
♪ Anybody. who's Scott Green ♪
[applause and cheering]
How fucking good was Jimmy?
♪ Six pack ♪
[music becomes muffled]
[ethereal soundtrack]
[paramedics speak indistinctly]
What the fuck?
Oh. shit.
Sorry.
You alright?
Are you?
Fine.
Here.
It was invented
to help with seasickness.
but it also works for nausea.
My pain meds make me feel--
It helps.
You don't need it?
No. This seems to be doing
the trick.
I can't feel a thing.
Your friends are really
worried. bro.
They've been looking for you
everywhere.
They'll live.
Hey. Marley?
Do you think everyone
takes me as a joke?
You're a special kid. James.
Don't beat yourself up so bad.
You've been drinking.
You know you can't drink
on your medication.
Have you had anything to eat?
So. how long did he give me?
[Sue] Let's not do this now.
[James] Six months?
Two weeks?
-[Sue] Hey. please.
-Four years?
Eight days? Five years?
I can keep going. 24 hours?
They don't know.
[buzzing]
[Kane] Settle down.
I'll get you there.
Just a couple waves.
[Maxie] No. Kane! Just one!
[waves crashing]
[alarm rings]
[James] Festival three.
Yours and Owls. Wollongong. NSW.
It's music by the sea
for a celebration
of unity and freedom
and it all begins
with a road trip.
Is it about the--
Is it about the destination
or is it the journey?
We'll soon find out
if we ever fucking get there.
One thing's for sure.
the music will always...
Shut up. James.
Who fucking cares?
[phone ringing]
-Hey.
-[Summer] Hey.
How far off are you guys?
Kane keeps stalling us.
Now. he's surfing.
Maxie's out there
trying to hurry him up.
Should be there in two hours.
[Summer] Okay. make sure
you're not late.
I can't do it without you guys.
[steady music]
[man 2] Welcome to the
Yours and Owls artist house.
As an extension
of Yours and Owls.
we've curated
some incredible artists.
not just to perform
on the stage.
but also to take part
in our artists' mentor camp.
I know you guys have selected
your Unearth artist to mentor.
Today is all about you lot.
We've got some writing sessions.
we've got a showcase
where you'll get to perform
a song each.
then the bus will take you
guys out to the festival site
to catch some of the last
few acts.
Let's get into it.
[applause]
Whoo-hoo!
♪ Welcome
To black boy boulevard ♪
♪ It's far from amazin ♪
♪ Where there chalk-sketched
Silhouettes ♪
♪ Of brothers on pavement ♪
♪ Where their white boy raised
And the black boy erased ♪
♪ This guy's in shackles.
We cuffs ♪
♪ It's that
Modern day slavery ♪
♪ Where my nose is wide
And my lips is swollen ♪
♪ And so this whip I'm drivin.
That must be stolen ♪
♪ I mean. what's he hidin.
What's he holdin ♪
♪ If that be the knife.
Then. duh ♪
♪ I can't breathe.
I can't breathe ♪
♪ With your knee in my neck ♪
♪ I'm just needin' a breath ♪
♪ Oh. I can't breathe.
I can't breathe. no. yeah ♪
♪ I'll just pretend ♪
♪ That we can't see an end ♪
First verse is solid.
Love that last line.
How's he doing?
Still doing treatment.
Well. no point stressing
over things you can't control.
But this shit. you can control.
Let's finish that chorus.
Hold on a sec.
I'm just going to check
the notes on the guitar.
[quietly humming]
[strums chords on guitar]
[yawns]
We had an all-nighter
in the studio.
I know you're going through
a lot right now.
I mean. seriously.
all that shit you've done.
Hanging with him.
hospital visits.
just watching him waste away.
I couldn't. hey.
I guess you weren't around
when mum got sick.
-He's not wasting away.
-Just trying to give you props
for being a decent friend.
you little shit.
Yeah. well. you told his
parents you'd be responsible.
Yeah. for getting youse
to the festival.
Yeah. the one we should
have been at hours ago.
And you also said you'd buy us
tickets to CityFest.
How do you know I didn't?
Bought 'em last week.
Thank you. Kane.
Thanks. Kane.
I'm going to need your help
with something there.
What?
No way.
Look. if I get caught.
I'll go back inside.
You get caught. you'll be sweet.
You're underage
with a clean record.
I'm not smuggling your stash in.
Don't you want to do
more festivals
with your dying buddy?
He's not dying!
Come on. Maxie.
Don't let James down. hey?
Come on. I'll cut you in.
Can't you just do
something for me
without wanting something
in return for once?
You've had your surf.
Now. let's go!
I promised Summer.
Good luck getting to Wollongong.
Oh. don't go it. you idiot.
You'll get hammered!
Maxie!
Fuck!
[deep ominous music]
[coughs]
Little fucker almost drowned
trying to be a madman.
-[coughing]
-[James] You right. Maxie?
[Kane] Fuck! That board cost me
over a grand.
You fucking owe me. [coughing]
I told you not to go that wave.
Now. look. My favourite board
is gone. You little shit.
You're going to owe me. Maxie.
Where did Kane go?
[Maxie] Pub.
Hope he gets hit by a fucking
car on the way back.
[James] Ruthless.
Let it go. man.
I'm so sick of him
controlling my life.
Always making me do shit
I don't want to fucking do.
Like what?
Maxie. you don't have
to put up with his bullshit.
Easy for you to say.
You don't live with him.
I have to cop his shit every
day of my fucking life.
Sometimes I wish I could
just disappear.
Why don't you come live with me?
I'm serious. man.
My parents love you.
I'm sure they'll be sweet.
But what happens if...
You know...
I die?
Sorry. I shouldn't have said it.
It's all good.
-If I die. you're fucked.
-[ both chuckle]
Cheers. cunt.
Cunty.
Are you scared?
I'm not scared.
I'm just confused.
Some days. I'm so psyched
I'm going to all these festivals
and planning my own events
and other days...
I think what's the point?
And just don't leave my room.
Today's going to be sick.
We'll go watch
Summer's showcasing
and then we'll see Dope Lemon
smash it.
I'm over it.
Over what?
All this festival shit.
Why?
I'm just tired.
I'm tired all the fucking time.
[tender music]
We need to see
this through. man.
We need to be there
for Summer. too.
[chuckles]
What?
Did you just kiss my shoulder?
What's wrong with that? [laughs]
What?
You're alright. Maxie.
[phone ringing]
-Hey. Mum.
-[Sue] Hey. Sweetie.
Just checking you're
taking your medication.
Yeah. [Sue] Any other troubles?
No. Kane's looking after us.
[Sue] Oh. well. that's good.
You just call me though
if you're feeling any other...
Yeah. sorry. Maxie needs help
with something.
I've got to go. [chuckles]
[chuckles]
Your parents are so cool
for letting you do this.
I wish I had parents like yours.
I wish I had parents.
-[laughter]
-That's fucked up.
[man 3] Doesn't matter
how many wins you get.
how many losses we take.
we can't stop. we won't stop.
we keep going.
[music playing]
♪ Gang. gang ♪
♪ Young boy. I came up.
Never gon' drop ♪
♪ From never bein' wanted
To the cream of the crop ♪
♪ Started at the bottom.
I done took it to the top ♪
♪ Yeah. it's a long Summer
'Cause you know we been hot ♪
♪ Even if they talk greasy.
No. we won't stop ♪
♪ Yeah. you don't believe it.
But we won't stop ♪
♪ We up on wins
And we won't stop ♪
♪ Never gon' freeze.
Won't stop ♪
Yours and Owls.
have a great day!
[applause and cheering]
Again.
[metronome clicking]
♪ But then you
Call me a friend ♪
♪ But we're so much closer ♪
♪ If anyone asks.
I'll say that you're all good ♪
♪ I'll just pretend
That we can't see an end ♪
I don't believe you.
What do you mean?
This song is about
your dying best friend. right?
Yeah.
Then sing it like you mean it.
I wanna feel your pain.
From the top.
Let me feel it this time.
[metronome clicking]
♪ You call me your friend ♪
♪ But we're so much closer ♪
♪ If anyone ♪
What did I do wrong?
You're holding back.
What are you afraid of?
-I'm not.
-You are.
Imagine you're at James's
funeral.
No. seriously.
James. your best friend.
has just passed away
and he left you this note.
He wants you to sing this song
at his funeral
as a beautiful send-off.
You're standing up the front
and how are you going
-to sing it?
-Marley. it's just a song.
Just a song?
This is an opportunity
to tell your story.
Everyone likes the idea
of becoming an artist
but only a few actually
make it about the music.
They're the ones that connect.
They're the ones that make
a career out of it
because it's coming
from an honest place.
-Hey. Blessed?
-Yeah. it's facts.
It's not like I'm lying.
But you're not being
completely honest either.
Summer. I'm trying to help you.
It's in there somewhere.
We just need to get it out.
Goin' back to this chick's
hotel room
-with some old mates of mine.
-[Maxie] Why?
Had too many beers to drive now.
I'm just going to crash there.
-Are you kidding?
-[Kane] Don't worry.
There's a few young chicks
there too.
Youse wanna come
get your end wet. eh?
-Yeah.
-No.
No.
Right. Well. you go and sleep
in the van then.
It's going nowhere.
You said you wouldn't
let me down.
Relax. man-child.
We'll leave first thing.
-Take us now!
-Oh. yeah?
You gonna return the favour
at City Fest then. hey? Huh?
Kane!
What the fuck
are you thinking. Maxie?
What the fuck are you thinking?
Oh. here we go! Go on.
Let's go.
Maxie. don't.
Come on. Free shot. Come on!
You'd better fucking knock me
out or I'm gonna kill ya!
Come on. let's go.
Let's go. come on!
Come on! Right here!
-Let's go!
-[screams]
You're a fucking weak cunt.
Maxie.
Even James would cave you in
and he can barely stand up.
Oh. did I upset you. princess?
[James on voicemail] You've
reached JE Entertainment.
Leave a message.
Where are you guys?
Hurry up.
I'm on in about an hour.
[lively music]
♪ Priests and the. the judges ♪
♪ Rabbis pay very well ♪
♪ We aren't really here ♪
[air hissing]
Said he didn't want it going
anywhere.
-[air hissing]
-Let's go. let's go.
♪ A way to die ♪
♪ Talking emptiness
Send to the edge ♪
♪ Bump shots and religion ♪
♪ The saloon is my refuge ♪
♪ Uptown folks pay very well.
Indeed ♪
Thank you.
We've got a very special guest
here for you tonight
who really needs
no introductions.
Let's put our hands together
for Grinspoon's front man.
Phil Jamieson.
[applause and cheering]
Thank you.
Thanks for having me at this
amazing artist guesthouse
at Yours and Owls Festival.
My first festival was
a Big Day Out many moons ago.
I was the first in the gate
and I was so excited. obviously.
It's indelibly burned
into my memory.
Hearing songs for the first time
live by bands
I'd never heard before
and I was overcome
by what festivals mean to me
and what they can create
for people.
And so that's where the magic
is. I think. in some ways.
For us. what we can create.
how we can communicate
to people.
My advice is
to the great artists
who are about to perform
right now.
is to. you know. trust
your gut. get weird.
get weirder. and make it happen.
[applause and cheering]
[slow scatting]
♪ Untouched by what
Potential be there ♪
♪ I guess I don't mind ♪
♪ Now I'm standing
With the turtles ♪
♪ Looking like an asshole ♪
♪ Like. what you want
From me. bro ♪
♪ I was just trying
To get some coin ♪
[video game sound effect]
♪ Uh. it's a game over for me ♪
♪ I know that we was always
In since she heard my CD ♪
♪ Like ♪
♪ We were both
To what we thought ♪
♪ Nothing's lost.
This is how we trust ♪
♪ Let's go ♪
♪ Fair skin. long hair.
Blue eyes ♪
♪ Please tell me
Who's this guy ♪
♪ Caucasian
Jesus can't believe ♪
♪ You tried to make him white ♪
♪ Brown skin. curled hair.
Big nose ♪
♪ Yeah. that's probably
how it goes ♪
♪ So who's this guy I see ♪
♪ 'Cause I know Jesus
Looks like me. let's go ♪
♪ Look like me ♪
♪ What's he look like ♪
♪ I think he looks like me ♪
[applause and cheering]
Hey. everyone.
I recently reconnected
with this young girl
after years of losing contact
and now.
she's my little sis again.
She's proven to be
a driven young artist.
so please give it up
for my girl. Summer.
[applause and cheering]
Hi. everyone.
This is a song about
one of my best friends.
[plays quietly]
♪ You know that I'm afraid ♪
♪ But you're Not even phased ♪
[quietly] ♪ You ♪
[pensive music]
[whispering] So sorry.
[sniffs]
-[knock on door]
-[sniffs]
I'm so sorry I wasted
your time. Marley.
The boys said they'd be here
and then they fucked me up.
Hey. hey. come here.
[Summer cries]
[Summer]
I just wanted him to hear it.
And he will.
Will he ever. though?
-It's okay.
-[Summer cries]
I'm here with you. okay?
I can't go back out there!
You can go back out there.
They're not here. Marley.
Summer. don't forget.
this is my reputation
on the line. too. you know?
And yours.
Stop blaming other people
and just get back out there.
[man singing]
♪ Baby. it's a new day ♪
♪ Driving on the through-way ♪
♪ All I see
Is bright green lights ♪
Come on!
♪ Forget what you were coming ♪
♪ No. that shit ain't for me.
I'ma just live my life ♪
♪ My life ♪
Come on!
♪ It's my life ♪
♪ What do we do. yo ♪
♪ I do what I want.
I do what I want to do ♪
♪ My life. my life.
My life. my life ♪
♪ I do what I want.
I do what I want to do ♪
♪ Baby. it's a new day ♪
♪ Driving on the through-way ♪
♪ All I see
Is bright green lights ♪
♪ Forget what you were coming ♪
♪ No. that shit ain't for me ♪
[Maxie] Summer!
[James] Where are you going?
You said you'd be there for me!
[pensive music]
[man 4] CityFest. we love you.
[applause and cheering]
Fuck. that was a close one.
Hey. cunt?
Fucking soldier.
We're even for my board now.
You still owe me
for my tyres but.
[pumping dance music outside]
No. dog.
Here. smash it.
No. Come on. big boy. Here.
No. I'm all good. I'm all good.
[Kane] More for me then. hey?
Let's fucking go. hey?
[Maxie] Here.
No. you're holding for me.
-You said.
-Yeah. I changed my mind.
Let's go.
-Shit.
-What?
Cops are out there. Fuck!
What are we gonna do?
No. listen.
You stay here and don't let
anyone in till I come back.
You got it?
You fucking got it?
[drum and bass music]
Alright!
[Kane] Lock the door.
♪ Sickness with the flow and
I been down from the get-go ♪
♪ Stars I create
Originated in lake salt ♪
♪ Perfecto.
Short cunts like electro ♪
♪ Bout to get these one-on ♪
♪ What the fuck you expect.
Though?
♪ Koori for the city
But the homeland be ♪
♪ More it matters.
We the matters ♪
♪ Bunch as far as you see ♪
♪ Good boy. new relation.
That's the family tree ♪
♪ To all the hoodlums
And accomplices ♪
♪ You can find me
In the South-East ♪
♪ Chilling every day.
My bread ♪
♪ Young rappers caught me ♪
♪ Reminiscing bout
This life I led ♪
♪ We're a long way from
Poppin' pharmaceutical meds ♪
♪ And if we aren't
We're gonna end up dead ♪
♪ Brothers out there selling
Coke at the crack-spot ♪
♪ Lose it in a match-box ♪
♪ Runnin' from the guns you
Shootin' wherever that's from ♪
♪ Try to show it better
But I fade into the backdrop ♪
♪ Now the only communication
Is through a laptop ♪
♪ Hey ♪
♪ So take the stays I bring ♪
♪ Kickin knowledge for my
Queens And young black kings ♪
♪ But I hustle so my daughters
Get the finest of things ♪
♪ We makin' deals
When we sell fine rings ♪
♪ But it's easy livin' large ♪
♪ Gotta make it
Out the struggle ♪
♪ Thankful for my daughter ♪
♪ 'Cause she
Keep me outta trouble ♪
♪ Money comin' in but
I intend to make it double ♪
♪ Don't sit here
Keepin' it humble ♪
♪ We focussed on makin'
Bundles. unh ♪
[music continues in background]
♪ And everything ok ♪
♪ Mama proud 'cause she know
We make it out one day ♪
♪ She just happy that
I didn't go the funeral ways ♪
♪ We on our own.
Fuck minimum wage ♪
♪ So go and check the socials ♪
♪ Follow on this journey
If you like-a my sound ♪
♪ I've gone around town
As I pound for pound ♪
♪ And that ain't
Never gonna stop ♪
♪ Till they put me
In the ground. for real ♪
[ominous music]
[man 5] Yo. I'm up here.
Thank you. Cityfest.
Until next time. See ya.
[applause and cheering]
[cubical rattles]
[sniffling]
[deeply inhales]
[abrupt rap song plays]
♪ Yeah. ugh.
Ridin' through the fire ♪
♪ Hundred miles.
Ain't no slowing now ♪
♪ Keep it. keep it goin' now ♪
♪ Devil on my mind.
Think it's over now ♪
♪ Pray to God that
I'ma get out this alive ♪
[music continues distantly]
[ethereal chiming]
♪ Sold my smoke. asthmatics
Scratchin' the rim of my car ♪
♪ See. I just went
over the limit ♪
♪ Turn at the boulevard.
speed like a busy ♪
♪ Yuh. got ballistic lyrics.
Got cold blood like a lizzie ♪
♪ Yuh. whoa. whoa ♪
♪ Got my window tinted ♪
♪ Can't see me when
I'm pullin' up in it ♪
♪ In it. and I'm sick when
I spit it. runnin' this shit ♪
♪ 'Cause the shoe
just fitted. fitted ♪
♪ Oh. yeah. we kill it ♪
♪ Cops in the house
Wanna stop this feelin'. oh ♪
♪ And you know how we live it ♪
♪ Yeah we know
Because the hole keep ringin' ♪
♪ Eyes on the horizon
And my mollies keep arising ♪
♪ Ride until I reach the line.
Then I'll be back reclinin ♪
♪ Gravity define us.
So I only keep arisin' ♪
[heavy breathing]
♪ Urge anyone who try it. oh ♪
♪ Yeah. unh.
Ridin' through the fire ♪
♪ Hundred miles.
Ain't no slowin' now ♪
♪ Keep it. keep it goin' now ♪
♪ Let's go. devil on my mind.
Think it's over now ♪
[music distorts]
[phone ringing]
[heavy breathing]
♪ Devil on my mind.
Think it's over now ♪
[phone continues ringing]
♪ Yeah. ugh.
Ridin' through the fire ♪
♪ Hundred miles.
Ain't no slowin' now ♪
♪ Keep it. Keep it goin' now ♪
[phone continues ringing]
♪ Devil on my mind.
Think it's over now ♪
♪ Pray to God that
I'ma get out this alive ♪
[plastic rattles]
[Summer] Maxie!
Where are you?
Maxie. where are you?
-Fuck.
-[Summer] Where are you?
-I'm in the toilet.
-[Summer] Which one?
Toilet. the big one.
[Summer] Stay there. don't move.
CityFest! Make some noise...
[applause and cheering]
...for East guys!
-[knock on door]
-[Summer] Maxie! You in there?
-Open the door!
-[banging continues]
[grunts]
You okay?
Dude? Tell me what you've taken.
Tell me what you've taken.
Maxie! Oi!
-Just one.
-[Summer] One what?
Shit. Maxie. one what?
Bum-bag.
That's my chemo bag. dickhead.
What about your shit man-bag?
Are you in Adelaide now?
Mad bum-bag. brother!
Oh. fuck.
Hey. hey. hey. hey. hey.
Tell me you didn't take
this shit.
[James] What is it?
-It's G.
-What's G?
-GHB.
-What the fuck is GHB?
Liquid ecstasy.
Maxie.
[singing]
Did you take anything else?
Maxie. is this Kane's shit?
Did he make you take it?
-[Summer] Maxie.
-[Maxie] Bum-bag.
Maxie. I need you to listen.
-[muttering]
-Shut the fuck up.
You sound like my fucking mum
when she's all fucked up.
Why would he take that shit?
Maybe he's having a hard time
dealing with his best mate
being sick.
Drink.
Hey. hey. drink.
Trust me. it's going to help.
That's it. that's it.
-No. Maxie.
-My mind!
Hey. you're just off your head.
You just need to throw up.
Hey. look. stop.
I fuckin' ruined it.
I'm sorry. I promise. I'm...
It'll be fine.
[groaning]
Shit.
He's geeing out.
What do we do?
Should we call the ambos?
Fuck no!
Are you kidding me? Call Kane.
What's Kane going to do?
He's a fucking idiot.
Who else are we supposed
to call?
Oh. fuck.
[Ruby Fields sings 'Dinosaurs']
Shit. shit. shit.
Kane! Kane!
Look. Maxie's off his head.
[dial tone] I don't know. fuck!
♪ I used to love dinosaurs ♪
♪ When I was a kid ♪
♪ I wasn't afraid ♪
♪ I was brave and courageous
With everything I did ♪
Come on. Kane.
Come on. Kane. Pick up. Pick up.
♪ I'm scared of the fact ♪
♪ I've been to More funerals ♪
Kane! Kane!
-[dial tone beeps]
-Oh. fuck!
♪ Yeah. I've lost
Some close mates of mine ♪
♪ And I'm scared of surfing ♪
♪ Held underwater choking ♪
♪ And I'm trying
To impress you ♪
♪ Is it working acting blokey ♪
♪ And I ♪
♪ I used to love dinosaurs ♪
♪ When I was a kid ♪
♪ I wasn't afraid ♪
♪ I was brave and courageous
With everything I did... ♪
Please don't die.
[Summer] Maxie.
-[retches]
-[Summer] Hey. hey.
That's it. that's it.
that's it. that's it.
Oh. my God.
♪ And I feel like a loser ♪
♪ I've forgotten how to imagine
and pretend... ♪
Fucking hell.
♪ So I'll just watch Jurassic
Park for the 50th time ♪
♪ Avoiding plans I've made
With my own friends ♪
[applause and cheering]
[distant cheering]
I'm so sorry.
It's okay. mate.
You okay?
Yeah.
I've got to get some air.
Come on. Maxie.
Let's get out of here. okay?
No. I can't.
We just missed Ruby Fields.
And we're going to miss
Marley's set. Come on.
Come on. dude. Let's go.
You guys go.
I'm staying here.
We're all leaving right now.
Look. I'll go first
so it's not suss. okay?
-Fuck.
-[Maxie] What?
Sniffer dogs.
Alright. problem solved.
You've got to be kidding me.
That's why Kane
bought us the tickets.
He'd go back to gaol
if he got caught.
And you'll go to gaol
if you get caught.
He said I'd be sweet.
Dude. you can't keep
living like this.
He's my brother!
[James] Yeah. and he should be
taking care of you.
-[knock on door]
-[cop] Police. open up.
Fuck. I'll take the hit.
Fuck that.
You're not taking a hit
for Kane.
-What are you doing?
-[cop] Open up.
No. don't flush it.
-He'll fucking kill me.
-[James] Give it. Maxie.
-James. don't do it.
-Fuck Kane.
-[knock on door]
-[Kane] Open the door now.
Just a second!
[knock on door]
[Kane] Open up.
[laughs]
Youse fucking shit yourselves.
hey?
[laughs] It's not funny. Kane.
Oh. I'm Cunt-stable Peppa.
You got any illegal substances
on you. young man? Hey. hey?
[laughs]
I'm just geeing you up. bruh.
Cops are all gone.
It's all good.
Now. come on. Give it to me.
Come on. give it to me.
[clothes rustle]
Where is it. Maxie? Hey?
Where is it?
I flushed it.
[tense music]
[chuckles]
You fucking cunt. hey?
What the fuck do you think
you're doing?
Get the fuck off him.
You just flushed
a couple of grand.
-Get the fuck of him!
-Fuck off. Max!
-Maxie!
-I fucking hate you!
Maxie!
[Summer] Okay. he's had enough!
[screams]
[music and singing in distance]
Bro. you knocked Kane out cold.
I don't want to be like them.
You're nothing like them.
[machines beeping]
[applause and cheering]
♪ Oh ay oh. dance with me ♪
[pumping dance music]
[Summer] Hey. James.
check this chick out.
[Maxie] Pretty sure he
doesn't wanna see
absolutely everything.
I mean. if you do.
that's sweet.
We can totally show it
all to you.
Only what's on my list.
But that chick is a lord.
Hi. guys.
-Hey. Sue!
Hey. don't forget
I've booked the taxi
to pick you up
at the main gate at 8:30.
Don't you miss that flight.
That's too early.
We'll miss all the main acts.
No worries. Sue! Thanks heaps!
Oh. James. I forgot to ask.
How did you hook the passes up?
Bliss N Eso. Been in touch
with them since Big Pineapple.
-Legend.
-I wish you were here with us.
I am.
[Summer] How's it all going?
Great.
Should be back home next week.
Just in time for Splendour.
Yeah. That's the plan.
Check this shit out.
[artist] One. two. three. go!
[upbeat music]
They seem like
they're having fun. mate.
Um...
Yeah.
Hey. we can record
this thing outside
whenever you're feeling
up to it. okay?
Okay.
[pensive music]
[pumping dance music]
[applause and cheering]
[music continues]
My name's Space Cadet.
and I'm fuckin' done. son!
[screams]
♪ When we walkin'
Through your hood ♪
♪ We look like kings ♪
♪ I can change your life
With just one ring ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm as crazy
With the whole 'ching-ching ♪
♪ If we talkin' "sh".
People talkin' on the phone ♪
♪ Tough with your clique
Till I see you on your own ♪
♪ Nike with the tick 'cause
I'm certi and I'm known ♪
♪ Where the Freakz at ♪
['Freaks' by Timmy Trumpet
and savage plays]
[applause and cheering]
♪ We got that bass dropping.
People jumping ♪
♪ All over the world ♪
♪ Got them speakers pumpin ♪
[music continues on phone]
-[music stops]
-[facetime call ends]
[text message alert]
No.
Yes.
I haven't spoken to her
for weeks.
If she sees me.
it will be awkward.
Well. then maybe you need
to go say hi
before she goes on
so it's not awkward.
No. I'm just going to watch
from the crowd.
Maxie can FaceTime you
from side stage.
[James] It's the biggest
performance of her career.
I have to see her perform
before she...
[grunts]
-[quietly]
-Shit.
[scoffs] Alright.
[upbeat music] ♪ Whoo ♪
[whispering] Go.
[music continues distantly]
She's not here. She's probably--
Hey.
[indistinct conversation]
-Where's the boys at?
-Maxie's here.
James couldn't make it
but he's on the mend.
Good to hear.
[people chatter loudly
in background]
Hey. I'm really sorry
about everything.
What was that?
I said I'm really sorry
about everything.
Can you guys please
just fuck it off?
[Marley] Thank you!
[muttering] Fuck.
[sniffs]
It's fine by me.
It's yourself
you should apologise to.
Hey. Marley.
They're definitely here.
and they're keen to sit down
after the show. alright?
I'll see you up there.
-Label?
-[Marley] Yep.
That's awesome.
-Marley. you're on in ten.
-okay.
Fuck.
Hey. it's okay.
You're going to kill it.
Fuck. fuck!
Marley. you're bleeding.
Close the tent!
[ominous music]
[whimpering]
Fuck. It should have stopped
hours ago.
Marley. do you need me to go
get you pads?
-I can probably find some.
-[Marley] No.
[whimpering]
Marley. do you need to go--
Fuck!
[mirror breaks]
I'm eight weeks.
Was.
Marley. we're going
to the hosp...
We're going
to the hospital. right?
Yep.
[woman] Five minutes. Marley!
After the show.
No. Marley. Go now.
Summer! I don't need you!
I've done this show on my own
long enough!
[ominous music]
[breathes deeply]
[muffled applause and cheering]
[applause and cheering]
[music begins]
Yeah.
Ain't no-one like she!
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
[hip hop beat begins]
Congratulations.
We made it.
Welcome to the new era.
It's been a long time
coming. y'all.
But we're here now.
Fuck you gon' do?
How many queens you really know
can flow...like this.
like this. like this?
♪ Let's get it. girls ♪
♪ How many queens
You know roll like this ♪
You know flow like this ♪
♪ Not many. if any ♪
♪ How many queens
You know got the skills ♪
♪ To go and rock
A show like this ♪
♪ Uh-uh. uh-uh ♪
♪ I don't know anybody ♪
♪ Check. check.
Last time I checked ♪
♪ One. two. very few
Coming through with the raps ♪
♪ That bitch in a bar
Comin' through with the bars ♪
♪ Dude had his time.
Now it's my au revoir ♪
♪ Callin' shots.
Flippin' scripts ♪
♪ Killin' off misogynists ♪
♪ So cut that bullshit ♪
♪ Before I rock your face
With a toy dick. aye ♪
♪ Bow down. bitch.
Get on your knees ♪
♪ Have you ever seen
Some things like these ♪
♪ Skin so tough all melanin.
Just all bust. no silicone ♪
♪ Got to get these wins
By any means necessary ♪
♪ Fuck rules. street tactics ♪
♪ Won't stop
Till my status legendary ♪
♪ Greatness. fantastic ♪
♪ Scroll down all the way
Do it right. go to town ♪
♪ Slow till it low ♪
♪ Never know when
The cash flow gon' stop ♪
♪ So we go gung-ho
Till we drop drop ♪
♪ Check it out ♪
♪ Let's go ♪
♪ How many queens
You know roll like this ♪
You know f low like this ♪
♪ Not many. if any ♪
♪ How many queens
You know got the skills ♪
♪ To go and rock
A show like this ♪
♪ Uh-uh. uh-uh ♪
♪ I don't know anybody ♪
-Peace!
-[applause and cheering]
[cheering crowd
fades into background]
[eerie silence]
[muffled rapping]
[rock music]
[woman] Rise and shine.
What a massive day
we have coming up.
This has got to be
the biggest event
on the Australian music calendar
and what a line-up we have.
Whoo!
How good's this?
Festival six.
I bet you guys never thought
I'd make it.
Okay. shit joke.
Sorry.
But who's going to stop me now?
If you're watching this.
well. it means I'm long gone.
Which means you probably need
a pick-me-up.
so Maxie's going to hate
hearing this first one
but I love you guys so much.
Sorry if that makes
you awkward. Maxie.
Get over it.
Secondly. even though I didn't
make it to festival six.
but died trying.
I had the best time
giving it a good crack
with the two best friends
anyone could ask for.
And if Mum followed through
with this one.
well. then she's an absolute
champion.
May your lives remain
a music-playing.
festival-slaying.
dream-chasing adventure.
Cheers. cunts.
-Cunty.
[tender music]
Man. I'm going to miss
this shit.
I've got something
to show you guys.
Enjoy.
[solemn piano music]
[laughs]
Oi. dickheads!
[cheering]
[James] Utopia Valley.
This place is an experience
beyond the music.
The line-up this year
is absolutely mental.
headlined by Peking Duk.
bringing in the new year.
Three. two. one.
Happy New Year!
Not.
[whispers] Maxie.
FTP.
Big Pineapple. the best
and worst day of my life.
We met the sickest artists
and I became the fourth member
of my favourite band.
Dune Rats.
The referee
has stopped this bout
at a time of 1 minute.
28 seconds
in the first round.
declaring the winner by TKO.
a new heavyweight champion
of the world.
The Loose Cannon. Bong Rat.
Maximus!
What are you making. Maxie?
Tattoo gun. man.
[James] Our own little tour
lives on forever.
So. promise me one thing.
Don't stop the tally
till your arm is a sleeve
and I'll keep dancing up here
in VIP.
[music building]
[silence]
[Sue on radio] Sue to Maxie.
Go ahead. Sue.
[walkie-talkie beeps]
[Sue] Ten minute warning.
I repeat. ten minutes
till doors.
-Copy.
-[walkie-talkie beeps]
[Sue] Oh. and I've ironed
your shirt for you.
-It's up in your room.
-[laughs]
You're such a legend. Sue.
[funky bass plays]
♪ Uh-oh ♪
♪ Didn't you know
My skin was sore ♪
I felt no more ♪
[James] Ruby Fields needs to be
on a flight by 9pm.
so she needs to leave by
7:00 pm at the latest.
Make sure there's cold tinnies
for the Dune Rats.
They hate warm beer.
[crosstalk]
So stoked you guys
made it out here.
We wouldn't miss it.
[James] Make sure the music
is over by 10:00pm
so the neighbours
don't call the cops.
This is our first festival. so
we don't want any heat on us.
No way! Marley's here.
What?
Hey. Marley.
-Hey.
So sorry about James.
No. he would have been
stoked you came.
Wouldn't miss it
for the world. bruz.
Thanks for coming. Marley.
Alright. I'll be back in a sec.
Aren't you supposed to be
on that US tour?
Pulled out of the tour.
So sorry.
Maybe I wasn't ready
to be a mum yet.
Hey. you will one day.
You'll be an amazing mum.
Well. I definitely won't heat
up an ice cream cake
wrapped in foil
in the microwave.
[chuckles]
Hey. look. I'm sorry
if I carried on a little bit.
I just wanted you to know
that I believe in you.
Thanks for everything. Marley.
Look at you with your own
dressing room now.
Not exactly my own.
Sorry to interrupt.
Summer. you're on now.
-[Marley] And a tour manager?
-That's right.
Go kill 'em. sis.
[plays piano quietly]
♪ You know that I'm afraid ♪
♪ And you're not even phased ♪
♪ You've come
To terms with fate ♪
♪ I wasn't brought up
That way ♪
♪ I'm sure that the music
Will drown out my thoughts ♪
♪ A bottle would drown
Them out more ♪
♪ You'll leave me another day ♪
♪ Don't cut me loose
Before you go away ♪
♪ But then you call me
A friend. boy ♪
♪ You're so much closer ♪
♪ If anyone asks.
I'll say that we're all good ♪
♪ I'll just pretend
That we can't see the end ♪
♪ Can't let myself let go ♪
♪ So let me hold you close ♪
♪ And I'll act like
I don't know ♪
♪ That we don't
Have long to go ♪
♪ But then you call me
A friend ♪
♪ But we're so much closer ♪
♪ If anyone asks.
I'll say that we're all good ♪
♪ I'll just pretend ♪
♪ That there isn't an end ♪
[applause and cheering]
Yeah. Summer. That was sick.
Alright. coming up next.
we've got Ruby Fields
and Dune Rats!
[applause and cheering]
[guitar begins]
♪ I see your shadow
On the street now ♪
♪ I hear you push through
The rusty gate ♪
♪ Click of your heels
On the concrete ♪
♪ Waiting for a knock
Coming way too late ♪
♪ It seems like an age
Since I've seen you ♪
♪ Countdown as the weeks
Trickle into days ♪
♪ So you come in
And put your bags down ♪
♪ I know there's something
In the air ♪
♪ How can I do this to you
Right now? ♪
♪ If you're over there
When I need you here ♪
♪ My happiness ♪
♪ Is slowly creeping back ♪
♪ Now you're at home ♪
♪ If it ever starts
Sinking in ♪
♪ It must be when you
Pack up and go ♪
Let's sing it for James!
[applause and cheering]
[music continues]
♪ It seems like an age
Since I've seen you ♪
♪ Countdown as the weeks
Trickle into days ♪
♪ I hope that time
Hasn't changed you ♪
♪ All I really want
Is for you to stay ♪
♪ So you come in
And put your bags down ♪
♪ I know there's something
In the air ♪
♪ How can I do this
To you right now? ♪
♪ You're over there
When I need you here ♪
♪ My happiness ♪
♪ Is slowly creeping back ♪
♪ Now you're at home ♪
♪ If it ever starts
Sinking in ♪
♪ It must be when you
Pack up and go ♪
Whoo! Yeah!
We are the greatest band
in the world! Ha!
[laidback beat]
♪ Never thought
There'd be a time ♪
♪ Everything would be okay ♪
♪ But you came in
The nick of time ♪
♪ In the nick of time
To save the day ♪
♪ Everything that you define ♪
♪ Is basically what I need ♪
♪ It started on the inside ♪
♪ And now it's taken over me ♪
♪ One time. one time ♪
♪ Was incomplete
And badly in need of you ♪
♪ One time. one time ♪
♪ Was incomplete ♪
♪ Never thought
You would come ♪
♪ In the form that you'd come ♪
♪ With your sunlight
When darkness surrounds me ♪
♪ Darkness surrounds me.
Darkness surrounds me ♪
♪ Darkness surrounds me ♪
♪ I don't want to
Live a lie no more ♪
♪ That's over ♪
♪ I ain't coming down ♪
♪ I don't want to
Dim my light no more ♪
♪ That's over ♪
♪ I ain't coming down ♪
♪ No ♪
♪ I ain't coming down. no ♪
♪ No no. no no. no no.
I ain't coming down ♪
♪ You're practically
The reason ♪
♪ I've become a new me ♪
♪ Was headed down
That dark road ♪
♪ And you create
A perfect parody ♪
♪ But I'm far from perfect ♪
♪ Still get nervous.
A work in progress ♪
♪ Knowing I'm a better man ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm not where
I used to be ♪
♪ One time. one time ♪
♪ Was incomplete
And badly in need of you ♪
♪ One time. one time ♪
♪ Was incomplete ♪
♪ Never thought
You would come ♪
♪ In the form that you'd come ♪
♪ With your sunlight
When darkness surrounds me ♪
♪ Darkness surrounds me.
Darkness surrounds me ♪
♪ Darkness surrounds me ♪
♪ I don't wanna
Live a lie no more ♪
♪ That's over ♪
♪ I ain't coming down ♪
♪ I don't wanna
Dim my light no more ♪
♪ That's over ♪
♪ I ain't coming down ♪
♪ No ♪
♪ I ain't coming down. no ♪
♪ No no. no no. no no.
I ain't coming down ♪
♪ I ain't coming down ♪
♪ Down Down down down ♪
♪ I ain't coming down
I ain't coming down now ♪
♪ Down down down
♪ No way. ain't coming down
I ain't coming down ♪
♪ I ain't coming down now ♪
♪ Down down down
I ain't coming down now ♪
♪ No way. coming down
I ain't coming down ♪
♪ I ain't coming down now ♪
♪ Down down down
I ain't coming down now ♪
♪ No way. coming down
I ain't coming down ♪
♪ I ain't coming down now ♪
♪ Down down down down
I ain't coming down now ♪
♪ I ain't coming down ♪